Did you see what's happening?
Come on, come on, let's go!
Hey, what's going on?
In there. It's on the news.
Then, 18 minutes later,
a second one went into
the other twin tower.
Can you paint us a picture
of the situation in New York...
An everyday morning situation,
presumably pretty busy in the streets,
people going about their business.
Well, it's a beautiful day
here in New York.
Everyone is out in the street,
everyone's on their rooftops,
everyone's on their mobile phones.
I don't think people can quite
believe what's happened.
Given that this is the financial district,
is it your understanding that people...
You're American, aren't you?
Sorry, mate.
...may actually be inside
the World Trade Center?
I mean, without a shadow of a doubt
there will be people in there.
They get to work very early.
And what about
the emergency services?
I, John Patrick Ryan,
do solemnly swear that
I will support and defend
the Constitution of the United States
against all enemies,
foreign and domestic,
that I will bear true faith
and allegiance to the same
and that I will obey the orders
of the President of the United States
and the orders of the officers
appointed over me
according to regulations and the
Uniform Code of Military Justice,
so help me, God.
- Come on, then!
- I got one!
- Let's hear it!
- Richmond Webb.
You serious?
My man was a seven-time Pro Bowler.
I'm just saying Brown's better.
Man, how come every cat
from Baltimore
always got to bring up Orlando Brown?
Because Brown's the most underrated
offensive tackle in the business.
- Have you ever seen him play?
- What? Aw, man.
Yes, this is Lieutenant Ryan.
Yes, sir, I did. I was wondering
if you had a chance to forward
my report on the Saabir Khan Bridge
to anyone in intel.
Yes, sir, they are the same findings
I already reported.
I just can't help noticing a correlation
between traffic patterns there
and the region's other...
Well, if they do respond,
I would be happy to explain it to
whoever's in charge of regional...
Sir?
Still no love from the C.O.?
I don't get it. I'm just trying to help.
Hey, guys. Buckle up in the back.
We're running into a little turbulence.
You all right there, Private?
- Sir, yes, sir!
- Good man!
Man, I still don't get
why you requested this detail.
Big brain like yours, man, why aren't you
behind some desk somewhere?
You requested this?
I just figured if I was gonna serve,
I should serve.
Man, that's some patriotic shit right there,
you see that?
You're all right, Lieutenant.
Even if your team is wack.
Oh, stop talking trash
on my Ravens, homeboy.
I'm a Bengals fan.
The Bengals?
Rookie, get that harness on
and stop trying to be down.
Man, you got a lot to learn, Davies.
Left in, right twist, click.
Thank you, sir!
You want some help?
Move, move, move!
Chopper crash.
Spinal cord should be okay,
but he's got two shattered vertebrae
and no feeling in his legs.
Lieutenant Ryan!
Did anyone else make it out alive?
Yeah, two.
Ryan dragged them both out.
With a broken back?
Okay, we're gonna have a look at you
and it's gonna hurt, okay?
X-rays are on the board.
Okay, turn him!
Okay, clear him!
Down on three. One, two, three.
Can't do anything from here.
Evac him to NATO trauma
in Kandahar right now.
Get an ear out to Dr. Hardesty.
Tell him to prep for a foraminotomy
or possible spondylolisthesis.
We've got spinal compression
and root damage at minimum.
Lieutenant has about a 90-minute window
if he wants to walk again.
Okay, move, move!
Let's go. Come on, come on!
Out of the way! Out of the way!
That guy's done in this war.
Gently.
Push more to the next level.
Good.
That's really good, Jack.
Come on. You can do this.
Get up.
I don't like you very much, Doctor.
I'm not a doctor.
I'm a 3rd-year med student
who is four credits short in P.T.
until you decide to walk.
You're sick. You're a sadist.
Come on, meet me halfway.
Give me two Percocet.
Get up and I'll ask them for one.
How long's he been here?
Eight months.
Think he'll ever walk
without the crutches?
Maybe.
If he decides he has somewhere to go.
I'd like to talk to him.
Sure.
Not yet.
But soon.
Will you do me a favor and wait
two minutes before you take that?
Why?
So that you know you can.
- Lieutenant Ryan?
- Yes, sir?
Please, at ease.
Commander Thomas Harper, U.S. Navy.
Why the uniform today?
I beg your pardon?
I mean, you were wearing a suit and tie
the last time you were here.
You watched me from
behind the glass in rehab.
What can I do for you, Commander?
You've already done it.
I just want to say thank you
for your service.
I appreciate that.
John P. Ryan, right?
That's right.
The one who wrote Liquidity Events
in Post-Soviet Markets?
Two-thirds of it, yes.
My... My dissertation.
The same John P. Ryan
who filed three separate reports
on traffic patterns in and around
the Saabir Khan Bridge?
Yes, sir.
It's impressive work.
How did you get a hold of that, sir?
I'm in the CIA.
Jack?
Oh, hey.
So, this is... This is good-bye.
I'm glad I found you.
No more P.T. work for you?
No, just eye-doctoring.
Congratulations.
I'm hungry. You wanna buy me dinner?
You know I can't.
All right, you win. I'll buy.
I'll make you a deal.
The day you run all the way out of here,
we'll have dinner.
And split the check.
See ya.
Good luck.
Jesus, you weren't kidding.
You are in the CIA.
Somebody has to be.
Why didn't you finish your Ph.D.?
- I joined the Marines.
- And saved two of your men.
You handled yourself like a hero.
If you still want to serve your country,
there's another way.
You're not really in the CIA, are you?
What are you? Treasury?
Foreign Asset Control?
You know, I'm not supposed to tell
anybody what I do for a living.
And now, look, I've just told you twice.
What do you want from me?
I want to send you
back to school to finish your doctorate.
Then you'll join Financial Intelligence
as an analyst.
You'll work in a series of
private banks on Wall Street,
where you'll use your position
to uncover funding for terror groups.
Covertly.
Yep. So you have to
keep it to yourself.
Your employers
won't know you work for us.
The people you
love won't know you do, either.
It's gonna get lonely,
but it's how we like to do things.
You know, people don't like you guys
very much these days.
Waterboarding. Rendition.
Not my unit.
Come on.
You can do better than that.
I can.
And I do.
And so do the people in my unit.
Which unit is that?
The one that
makes sure we don't get hit again.
I knew.
I knew when you saw me ride it,
you'd want one.
- Nice.
- Yeah.
Oh, her name's Sarah, by the way.
Who?
The one you like in Arbitrage.
How'd you know that?
Why else would anybody
buy a motorcycle?
- Teddy Hefferman?
- Sarah, yes.
Jack Ryan said you could help me
with the Balfour arbitrage.
- How're you doing?
- Hi.
What do you have?
This looks good.
The World Bank urging caution
as volatilities in emerging markets
continue to remind investors
that with unprecedented
global interconnectivity,
even the strongest economies
are vulnerable to collapse.
This just in.
Last minute negotiations
are expected today
as the security council of
the United Nations votes.
Russia's bitterly opposed
to a new Turkish pipeline,
which could see Russian economic
dominance of oil exports shattered.
The big question,
will the U.S. defy Russia?
The only thing that
the Turks and the Georgians
would undermine with their pipeline
is Russia's monopoly on the
Eastern European natural gas market.
We both know that.
If you block our proposal
and the pipeline is approved,
oil falls below $79 a barrel
and the Russian government
goes bankrupt.
In our judgment,
your assessment is extreme.
Thank you.
Our request comes
from my country's highest level.
And it is respectfully denied from mine.
Then we will regard this as
an act of economic war.
While Wall Street talks up
the robust performance of the dollar,
many commentators look to the U.N.
and the bitter standoff
between the United States and Russia.
The U.S. has the upper hand for now,
but fears exist about exactly how
an angry Russia
and Russian business
will react to the likely disastrous effects
for the Russian economy
of America's U.N. veto.
Tell him he will need
somebody in Moscow.
- He'll want you.
- No, I'm just an analyst.
Our Russian partners
are hiding accounts from us.
It's all in the data.
Nobody else understands the data.
Harper will want you.
Just get yourself to Moscow.
Operator. Operator. Operator!
Your call, please.
Operator,
I've been ringing Murray Hill, 35097,
for the last half hour
and the line is always busy.
Will you ring it for me, please?
Hello?
Jack?
You home yet?
I bet you looked cute.
...overseas, where we see
a surprisingly sturdy
performance by the dollar,
holding its ground in spite of
the Turkish pipeline vote at the U.N.
and the latest deficit news.
Anika, your reaction?
Well, surprised,
pleased certainly, but this is extremely
unusual behavior by the market.
Commodities should be moving in
the opposite direction of the dollar.
You'd see a very
different direction by investors as well.
They usually waver
from one day to the next...
Is work okay?
Yeah. Yeah, it was good.
Sorry about that. Yeah.
So, you feel like a movie this weekend?
Sure.
There's a revival of Sony,
Wrong Number at the Film Forum.
I was thinking that might be fun.
Yeah.
Have you ever seen it?
You know what
I haven't seen is the waiter for, like,
10 minutes. Have you seen him?
- No.
- Where'd he run off to?
Okay. So, should we go?
- Sounds good.
- Good.
Yeah. Let's do it.
- For you, sir?
- Ah. Yeah, the lady will try it.
Yes, I will try it. Thank you.
Sorokin wants to meet you now.
Ten minutes.
Yes, Minister.
I warned them of the outcome
at the U.N...
...it was entirely predictable.
It was a mistake for us to force a vote.
You started moving assets when
the vote went against us, I hope?
Yes, Minister.
You understand the Kremlin
must remain entirely distanced.
Anything you activate
must be self-contained.
Is it the hour for 'Lamentations'?
Lamentations?
The Russian government is unaware...
...of any such activity or operation.
But of course.
You want to go to Moscow?
I think we have to.
They're unnamed, uncategorized,
scattered all over the world.
They're hidden accounts, Rob.
These are just the ones
I managed to find.
How did you find them?
- You pay me to look.
- Not to look that hard.
Joke.
- You think they're ripping us off?
- I don't know what to think.
Jesus H. Christ.
You're the compliance officer.
It's your call, but can I ask one thing?
Don't screw up the most
lucrative partnership this company has.
Please? I'm not kidding.
Viktor Cherevin is
completely unpredictable.
And it's Russia.
Insider trading is legal over there.
It's the Wild West.
They're still ideologues,
but the new ideology is money.
They're not a country,
they're a corporation.
Which is why
we're there in the first place.
- I know, don't rock the boat.
- It's not a boat.
It's a goddamn luxury yacht
and we're all on it together.
So, don't fucking sink us.
Why don't you want me to come?
Because I think you'd be bored
out of your mind.
It's Moscow. How would I be bored?
I'll be working the whole time.
What about Paris?
- What about Paris?
- Well, it isn't boring.
And you won't be working.
They owe me a long weekend.
You can meet me there when you're done.
What do I have to do
to take a vacation with you?
You can marry me
and call it a honeymoon.
Why didn't you tell me
about the movie?
What?
Sony, Wrong Number.
You'd already seen it.
There was a stub in your pocket.
You went through my pockets.
I folded your pants because
you throw them on the floor
- and what I asked you...
- Why won't you just marry me, Cathy?
Are you having an affair?
Oh, God, no. No.
Is that what this is?
Is that what you think?
Who did you see the movie with?
By myself.
I'm a compliance officer.
I do everything by myself!
It was a 1:45 show.
I couldn't stare at
the goddamn computer screen anymore.
You know what? If the job isn't right
for you, Jack, maybe it's time to move on!
Paris.
You and me.
Okay?
Dr. Ryan. Embee Deng.
Private security for Cherevin Group.
I'm your protective detail.
I need a bodyguard?
Think of me as your fancy driver.
- Where are you from, Embee?
- Uganda.
Cherevin only hires foreigners
for security.
That way they know we're not FSB.
Good afternoon, good afternoon.
This way, Mr. Deng.
Wow, St. Basil's Cathedral. Beautiful.
It looks like ice cream.
Ice cream top.
The Kremlin.
Yes, yes.
Ah, you speak some Russian.
You go and register.
I'll help you upstairs with the bags.
No. That's okay.
I can get it from here.
I'm supposed to check the room.
Okay.
- Welcome, Mr. Ryan.
- Hi.
- Just your signature, please.
- All right.
Mr. Cherevin hopes
the room will be to your satisfaction.
Ah, yes. And the view is second to none.
Wow.
It's magnificent!
This is Cornerback. I have a situation.
You have 85 seconds.
- I need help.
- Category?
Somebody tried to kill me.
There's a body.
Are you intact?
Close enough.
Location?
Cornerback?
The Grushnitsky Hotel, Moscow.
Oh, no.
15 to 20 minutes.
Maintain the room.
Wait for two rings, then exit.
Go quiet until 21:30 local
and surface at location Gamma.
I...
Contact bench at the base of the stairs.
I don't remember where that is.
Confirm.
I heard you, I just don't remember
the address, okay?
I'm just an analyst.
I only did three weeks at the Farm.
You are breaking protocol, Cornerback.
I'm out of my goddamn element
is what I am.
I just need the address.
Go back to your room and stay there
until the phone rings twice.
Then leave quickly and quietly.
Keep out of sight until 9:30 local time.
- Then, go to Staraya Square, the steps.
- Okay.
Your contact will be on the bench.
Cornerback?
Yeah.
You're a Marine.
It's the reason
you're still alive right now.
Remember your tradecraft
and you'll be fine.
Thank you.
Time's up.
Hey, I was just about to call you.
Hey.
Yeah, I only landed
a couple hours ago, so...
Oh, good.
I'm not trying to hassle you, I just...
I just wanted to make sure
the trip was okay.
Yeah. Yeah, it was,
you know, uneventful.
Well, that's the best kind.
So, what are you doing now?
I just left the hotel. Gonna...
Got to go meet a colleague.
Anybody interesting?
I don't think you know him.
What are you up to?
Well, I was just on call for a 48,
but Saidelman says
that he can cover me for the weekend.
So I thought,
if I got on a plane tonight,
I could be in Paris in the morning.
You think you could get away early?
Hello?
Yeah, you know, I...
I don't think so, Cath.
I think I'm gonna be tied up
longer than I thought.
I'm not...
I'm not sure
I'm gonna be able to make it there at all.
Well, it sounds like you're having fun.
Look, sweetheart, I'm...
I'm late and I'm tired.
I'm pretty jetlagged.
Can I give you a call
in the morning, my time?
Okay.
I love you desperately.
You know that, don't you?
Yep.
Don't lose faith in me.
Okay.
You Okay?
Sit down.
You got to pick somebody to trust, Jack.
Now, sit down.
You brought your dog?
Q.P. dog.
Quasi-Personal.
Why else am I out for a walk?
Grabbed it out of somebody's yard.
They'll be thrilled when
he turns up in the morning.
It's better they're shaking
afterwards than during.
First person I ever killed,
Jack, was innocent.
- What did he do?
- She.
She didn't do anything.
She was a bystander.
Somebody who just...
Just came up behind me too quick.
Jesus.
How do you get over
something like that?
If you're lucky, you get past it.
- That's not the same thing.
- No, it isn't.
Now talk me through
your very scary memo,
but keep in mind
I don't have your Ph.D.
Two weeks ago, I noticed
a series of accounts
in our Russian partner's records
to which our company's
computers are denied access.
Massive currency accounts,
all in U.S. Treasuries.
Cherevin's made a total
commitment to U.S. dollars
when there's been
a hurricane in the Gulf
and a string of negative
economic reports.
What does it mean?
It's external sterilized intervention.
Like I'm an idiot, please?
The dollar should be
going down, but it's up.
A few cents every day, the past week.
I think they're propping us up.
Why?
I think there's a coordinated plot
within Russia
to collapse the dollar
and crash the U.S. economy.
And it's going to happen soon.
It'll be timed to follow a
terrorist attack on U.S. soil.
No, that'd be crazy.
The Russians would lose
- as much as anybody in a collapse.
- No. No, no, no,
the Chinese will lose more.
And once the Russians start to sell,
the rest of the world
is gonna dump every dollar they have.
All right, let's say it's happened.
Let's say you're right.
What's the aftermath?
They'll recover.
We won't.
We don't have their oil reserves.
We're looking at the Panic of 1837,
the Panic of 1893,
the Soviet Famine of 1932.
Hyperinflation.
Bread lines. Rioting.
I know, I get it.
And at first, though,
they'll call it the American crisis,
but within about six weeks,
they're gonna start calling it what it is.
The Second Great Depression.
The attack and the sell-off have to be
timed to each other.
A massive series
of transactions like that
have to be programmed in advance
and stored in Cherevin's system.
Once I start the audit, I can get the date
and time of the attack
down to the minute.
You stick to
the scheduled audit tomorrow.
Everything official, everything in public.
You'll be fine.
I need for you to be fine.
Your room should be clean by now.
We'll put a watch on it.
I drowned him.
In about that much water.
You know, you sold this
as an office job.
You're not just an analyst anymore.
You're operational now.
We will avenge our mother Russia.
You will avenge our family.
America will bleed.
Good luck, Aleksandr.
Everyone is in place, sir,
in America and in Moscow.
Let it begin.
Hi. Jack Ryan to see Mr. Cherevin.
- One moment, please.
- Dr. Ryan? I'm Katya,
Mr. Cherevin's assistant.
He's expecting you.
I may be here a few days.
Will I get my own card?
As a foreign guest,
you'll need to be accompanied.
You understand?
Of course.
Viktor Cherevin.
Jack Ryan.
- How was your flight?
- Fine, thank you.
And the jet lag?
That first night can be brutal.
I survived.
That's a nice painting.
Napoleon at war.
So, you know your history.
What can I do for you?
Routine audit.
So routine it couldn't be done
from New York?
Not when you're
concealing accounts from us.
You Americans like to think
of yourselves as direct.
But I wonder if perhaps
you are just rude.
You Russians think
of yourselves as poets,
but perhaps you're just touchy.
Nothing here is concealed.
Only secured.
Excuse me.
I hope I can count on full access
to your account files?
You won't need it.
I ordered the companies
which concerned you,
quite unnecessarily, I might add,
to be sold, at a profit.
Your firm's percentages
are detailed in this report.
The funds were transferred
this morning,
too late, alas,
to stop you from getting on your flight.
So, you see, an audit would be
quite without purpose
at this point, Mr. Ryan.
I see.
Partnerships are delicate, Mr. Ryan.
Sometimes, they end violently.
Dimitri Lemkov,
our head of security.
Jack Ryan.
I'm sorry you had to come
all this way for nothing, Mr. Ryan.
I hear the finest restaurant
in Moscow is across the street.
In honor of our partnership
and to, quite frankly,
apologize for my mistake,
perhaps I could take you to dinner.
No.
But I'll take you.
And I insist my driver
pick you up from your hotel.
Moscow can be very dangerous.
Our own man, for example,
who collected you from the airport.
Embee.
We are very concerned.
He has simply disappeared.
I'm sorry to hear that.
No doubt he will turn up
in a day or two,
hung-over and remorseful.
Will your wife be joining us tonight?
I'm not married.
I was just told that
she had arrived at your hotel.
My girlfriend.
Even better, and our little secret.
You're having fun with me.
Not nearly enough. Bring her along
tonight. We won't go otherwise.
I'll be sure to ask.
A pleasure to have met you both.
He's dangerous.
I lost him.
You're done already?
He's outplayed us.
You didn't get anything?
Nothing. Not one thing.
He sold all the assets.
He probably moved them
to other shell companies.
But I can't audit
what they technically don't own.
- All right. We still need the algorithm.
- Yeah.
Yeah. I invited him to dinner.
The restaurant is across the street
from his building.
What if we...
What if what?
- I don't know.
- What, Jack?
Well, what if we...
You wanna break into their system?
- Yeah, I think someone should.
- You think we can?
Yeah... I don't know.
Put it up, the restaurant.
The orders to sell the dollar would be
encrypted on the computer
of the security director.
Dimitri Lemkov?
Former FSB.
We can't break into his office.
It's secured six different ways.
So, what about the office next to his?
Well, that's Cherevin's.
Can we get into that?
Maybe someone could
if they had his access card.
We're developing a security guard,
but we don't have him yet.
Well, develop harder.
He drinks, right?
Like a Russian.
Also chases women.
The more married, the better.
Okay, tell your guy once he's in there,
he needs to enable all encrypted
financial sell order packages.
Tell him to look
for dark pool algorithms.
And if your guy, if the guy...
I'm the guy, aren't I?
Yeah. You're going to be great.
But you've got another problem, Jack.
So I dropped everything,
and I called in every favor that I knew
and I spent four hours
at the consulate begging for a visa.
You know,
I wanted to make this grand gesture.
I wanted you to see
what you meant to me.
So, I'm here.
And you have to say something.
Well, maybe it's...
Maybe it's awful or hurtful or shameful.
I don't know. But you have to talk to me.
You can't let me think
that I'm crazy anymore.
Because now I know that I'm not.
Just talk to me.
Will you meet me halfway?
I'm in the CIA.
Thank God.
I thought you were having an affair.
Is everything in place?
Yes, Mr. Cherevin, our asset
in the U.S. has been contacted.
He's prepared?
Yes, sir. Merely awaiting your order.
We will strike... tomorrow.
Very well, sir.
Sell orders have all been entered.
It's time.
We will activate our asset immediately.
And this must be Aleksandr.
The prodigal returns.
He may not be a regular churchgoer,
but he's a good man, my son.
He just turned 21.
And he already
has a job at the auto plant.
It was stupid to mention the job.
A real mother would.
It wasn't necessary.
Today's reading
is from the Book Of Lamentations...
...chapter 2, verse 2...
Lamentations.
We've been activated.
Thank God.
He has torn down the strongholds
...of the daughter of Judah.
He has brought her kingdom...
...and its princes
down to the ground in dishonor.
The timing of the attack
has been brought forward.
We leave tonight.
Take nothing with you.
There is one loose end to tie up first.
Playing the hottest music in Detroit.
Feel the heat now.
Hey.
Excuse me.
You look kind of lost.
So, I'll have to keep him busy
at the table for what?
Ten minutes?
To be on the safe side?
What are you talking about?
You're not going.
You said he insisted I come to dinner.
- It'll look suspicious if I don't show up.
- No, no, it won't.
She's right, Jack.
To him, something will be off.
You're not involving her in this.
You involved me in this
by not telling me.
You got to get her out of here.
Send her home.
Well, what are you gonna tell Cherevin?
That I'm homesick?
These are dangerous people, Cathy.
You cannot be here.
If you'd told me who you really were,
I wouldn't be.
I took an oath!
I took an oath.
I couldn't tell you
unless we were married.
- And you wouldn't marry me!
- That's why you wanted to marry me,
so that you could tell somebody
- that you were in the CIA?
- No, of course not.
You lied to me for three years
and you were good at it.
I think you actually enjoyed it.
Can we have a minute, please?
No, you can't.
I would like to talk to Jack alone.
This is geopolitics,
it's not couples therapy.
Do I really have to remind you
what's at stake here, Jack?
There's a very real scenario here
where we don't get out of this alive.
Any of us.
And neither do a lot
of innocent people back home.
Now, we had about eight minutes
to discuss this little...
This little development.
We just used four of them.
We don't need you to break
into Lemkov's computer,
just into the office next to his.
You plug this into any 220 outlet
that shares the same wall with him.
We use the building's own electrical
wiring to access Lemkov's hard drive.
How much time will he need
to run the program?
Five, six minutes, including movement.
So the answer to your question, yes.
10 minutes at the table ought to do it.
All right.
You know, we catch a few breaks,
we can all be
headed home on a plane
by midnight.
Cherevin will be at dinner in...
- Cathy.
- 55 minutes.
- Then I should get dressed.
- Cathy.
I like her.
If Cherevin touches her, I'll kill him.
It's just dinner, Jack.
The most he can do is look.
And to be honest, we need him to.
- Good morning.
- Morning.
Do you know what happened
three years ago today?
You agreed to stop
wearing cargo shorts?
I did. I did, it broke my heart.
All that storage capacity.
Incredible. Incredible shorts.
No, but once I did
agree to make pants
a part of the new me,
you finally agreed to go out with me.
Well, I couldn't very well
date a patient, could I?
Could you marry one?
'Cause I'm in love with you, Doctor.
Oh, my God.
I'd appreciate it if you would wear
the ring in public.
I left it in the hotel room.
I know.
I found it.
He's expecting to meet my fiancee.
And this is
his driver.
So please don't embarrass me.
Ah, the Ryans.
Perfect American couple. Welcome.
Viktor Cherevin, my fiancée, Dr. Muller.
Dr. Muller, you are so beautiful.
Lemkov's headed out.
Jack, it's show time.
I hope you will enjoy the Haut-Brion.
It's a very special wine.
You find it amusing.
Jack had an early start.
So it seems.
Hey. Can I get
another one of these?
This is good, Viktor.
Jack has a back injury.
From Afghanistan.
Me, too.
Different time, different empire,
same graveyard.
- My son's, also.
- Sorry to hear that.
Mujahideen grenade fragment
is lodged in my hip to this day.
I wouldn't think a hand grenade
would be the first thing
you'd wanna keep on your desk.
A reminder of a vanquished rival.
- You lost the war.
- But I beat your grenade.
My grenade?
One supplied by your CIA.
Perhaps.
Well, I'm no medical doctor
like my illustrious fiancee here,
but I would recommend
a Percocet or three for that hip.
With a nice, hearty red like this,
you won't know
your own name in an hour.
What? Come on,
don't give me that look, Cathy.
I'm not gonna be policed
at the dinner table.
Do you want one?
- I think not.
- Are you sure?
Oh, I'm sure.
You are so attractive like this.
Chin-chin.
Will you excuse me, please?
Jack, I speak no Russian.
Is it too much to ask to be escorted?
Oh, it's just the bathroom, Cathy.
It's just the bathroom.
- Please. Allow me.
- Thank you.
Nice work, Jack.
I'm sorry.
I got it.
Okay.
Exit.
Snowball is rolling.
Okay to go.
Step it up.
Viktor!
Viktor, Viktor, Viktor. Tell me.
Which would you rather?
Pick one.
Either you live in some
miserable shithole, you have no money,
but you're single.
Or you're rich,
you live in some fantastic apartment,
but you have to be, good God,
you have to be in a relationship.
What do you think?
- I'll leave the night to the two of you.
- I won't allow it.
I think one of us needs to take a walk.
I think you should
consider her suggestion.
Please, sit down.
He's in.
You flew all the way to Moscow
to surprise him
or to catch him, which was it?
That's a rather personal question.
Would you prefer impersonal?
I'd rather talk than make
chit-chat, wouldn't you?
If we're going to be married,
I'd like to know that I can trust him.
Trust.
Truth.
I think it's like most opinions,
best unexpressed.
You talk like Pechorin.
You've read A Hero Of Our Time?
I had a misspent sophomore year.
Really?
I love Lermontov.
That Russian romanticism is so
achingly desperate.
Desperate, yes. And insatiable.
It's about not aging
before your time.
You don't understand.
Aging isn't the problem.
Dying the proper way,
that is the problem.
Not if you've lived a life
without regret.
How on earth does one do that?
Regret. It piles up around us
like books we never read.
Well, that's the past.
Can you live the rest
of your life without regret?
Yes, perhaps.
If I feel I have done something
truly great for my country.
Something my children
would have found important.
Would have?
You're incredibly beautiful.
I hope Jack Ryan realizes
how fortunate he is.
- Ready.
- Okay.
Go.
Okay.
Lemkov's on his way back.
Okay, you're on the clock.
Three minutes, 37.
Seal the elevators.
No one goes in or out.
Find Cherevin now!
How advanced is your cirrhosis?
You have a
yellow tinge to your skin tone.
Spider-web veins
on the backs of your hands.
You're stage three, aren't you?
You see? Now we're talking.
- Excuse me.
- No, please take the call.
They tell me I have
less than three months
but you probably know that
because you are clearly
a brilliant doctor.
Jack.
Hey, Teddy, it's Jack.
I'm in Cherevin's office
- and I need your help really quick...
- I'm having dinner with her.
What?
Sarah in Arbitrage.
That's great.
Look, I need a favor, Teddy.
I'm at Cherevin.
I'm having a little trouble accessing
a group file code without
a partner-level ABA dodge.
Can you grab Rob for me?
I know he's in a meeting right now.
For you, the world.
Jack!
Hey, Rob.
You find anything juicy over there?
Oh, you know, accounts bullshit,
hookers and hotels,
same old, same old.
Did Teddy tell you
I need that dodge?
I'll give it to you on one condition.
Shoot
If you get one whiff that FSB
is involved in whatever this is,
you run, do not walk,
to the nearest airport.
They play rough over there, Jack.
Under two, Jack. Step it up.
Understood. Yeah, understood, Rob.
I worry about you, you know.
Thanks. I appreciate it. Look, I'm a little
pressed for time on this end.
- Ready?
- Yeah. Shoot.
Four... One...
Seven.
You getting this?
One... Eight...
Three...
Six.
Jack?
We're in.
I'm not there yet. How we doing?
Okay, unless he ran the red lights.
Back on site.
He ran the red lights. Get out.
Got it! Got it!
Jack? You got trouble.
Oh, my God.
Main elevator is N.G.
We're working on another exit.
I need it now.
Yep, yep, yep.
There it is. Private elevator.
Back of Cherevin's office. Go.
Hit the service entrance button.
Texting you Cyrillic icon now.
There's an external staircase.
Harper.
Jack.
Harper. Harper, can you hear me?
Damn it.
I'm flushed. Must be the wine.
Or perhaps the company.
- Are you about to misbehave?
- Would you like me to?
I haven't decided yet.
Telephone.
Jack, stop.
Hurry up, Jack. He's got Cathy
and he's on his way
back to the building.
Duck.
Keep moving, Jack.
Staircase is clear
to the ground. Go.
Control, you're on.
Cathy.
I'm so sorry.
Did you enjoy your walk, Dr. Ryan?
Mr. Cherevin, I have to apologize.
I had too much to drink.
Excuse me, Doctor!
- Yes?
Viktor.
Your wallet, let me see it.
What is this?
You missed a fascinating
conversation I had with Dr. Muller.
I did? What was that?
Things we regret.
Let's you and I
have that same talk soon.
You know, we should get home.
I am so sorry about tonight.
Have them followed.
Get us to Beta.
Copy that. Let's hit the safe house.
We clean the premises
and get the hell out of there.
I have max-level data
coming in for analysis now.
We are tracking them.
The same old weaknesses, Viktor.
Vodka,
vanity,
women.
Your son would be ashamed.
Ryan has it.
The algorithm's uploading to Langley.
Once we break it down...
It's tomorrow.
- What?
- The sell order.
It's programmed for 9:06 a.m. Eastern Time.
They're dumping everywhere.
Tokyo, London, Shanghai,
a dozen other exchanges.
It's almost two trillion.
It's gonna be a wipeout.
That's 18 hours.
How do we stop it?
They're not gonna flood the market
unless the terror attack is successful.
They'd lose everything.
And the attack will be coordinated
right before that,
9:00 a.m. tomorrow.
Get down!
Go, go, go!
Albatross, we are compromised
at rendezvous Beta.
Request immediate backup.
No! Get off me!
Get off me!
Jack!
Cathy!
I don't know what you're saying.
Harper.
Harper, can you hear me?
Do you have her?
Are you sure she's wearing it?
Yes! Of course!
I put it on her myself!
We played the whole scene
for the driver.
Now where is she?
Got her.
It's working.
Jack, send me a ping from yours.
Southwest on Kashirskoye Shosse.
It's a kilometer from you.
Go! Go!
Off the highway.
Headed north toward Kuznetsky Most.
Third exit ahead of you, due north.
I hope you enjoyed your meal.
Cathy.
I hope for her sake
you have not yet transmitted
the information you stole from me.
I'm going to find you.
How far?
Nine blocks behind him and closing.
We haven't started transmitting yet.
I still have the stick drive.
Very good, very good, Jack.
Let us hope Cathy and I can believe you.
If not, I have always found that
in these situations
the swiftest results are achieved
by working with loved ones.
You know I have what you want.
Put her on the phone!
Doctor?
Cathy!
Talk to your fiancé.
Cathy, talk to me!
What? You think your...
Silence is in some way heroic?
Cathy!
We will do this other way.
So let me tell you something, Jack.
If you squeeze a neck just right,
human beings can't keep
their mouths closed.
Jack.
A light bulb will go into her mouth
because in Lubyanka
and Lefortovo prisons,
we discovered in torture
that vacuum glass explosion
inside mouth causes damage to...
Soft tissue, to enamel, to bone,
and to lungs, also.
It's quite a bit of, what do you say,
havoc for forty watts.
Hard left coming up.
Just two blocks and you got him.
- Push it!
- I am!
But when you look at this,
Cathy, you will know
and, Jack, you will understand,
that I am very serious
when I say that
I want what you stole from me
and I want it now.
Do you think Jack will get to you?
Or do you think
he thinks it is a game?
You think this is game, Jack?
You think my country bled for so
many years before your feet for game?
Cathy!
You think my son died for game?
You think I will
let myself die for nothing?
No, it is America
that will soon know
what it is to have nothing.
He's got to cut back, Jack.
You can catch him at the corner.
Run straight ahead.
I put bulb in her mouth, Jack!
Now, I have my hand
beneath your bitch chin!
And now in moment,
I will crush her jaw
so she bites down on it
and begins slow and painful death!
So, I will say it once more,
I want what you stole from me
and I want it now!
Cathy!
Come on! Let's go!
- Let's go. You're all right.
- We need to go, now!
Keep moving! We need to go!
The attack is going to happen, Ryan!
You can't stop it.
Jack, we need to get out of here.
The police are coming!
I got her!
She's in! She's in! She's in!
Turn it on! Let's move! Let's move!
Okay. Here's what we have.
Aleksandr Borovsky,
AKA Andrew Bornstein, age 23.
Last known address,
in Dearborn, Michigan.
Move, move, move!
- Let's go!
- Going in.
Cover my six!
The location's burned.
They're up and out recently.
They leave anything?
Ashes and melted plastic.
FBI was tipped that
he might be a sleeper agent.
A sleeper agent who was handpicked.
This guy was groomed for it.
This is personal.
Wait a minute. Cherevin's son.
What?
Last night, Cherevin mentioned
something about his son
having died.
What if he didn't?
Cross-referencing Moscow
hospital records,
coroner's reports. Got it!
Aleksandr Cherevin, age nine.
Apparently died in a drowning accident,
June 2004. Cherevin's own signature
is on the certificate.
Aleksandr Borovsky entered the country
in '04 with his parents.
Aleksandr Cherevin, age nine,
and Aleksandr Borovsky, age nine.
They're the same kid.
He took a cash advance of $6,000.
- And then he went black?
- Right.
By now, he could be anywhere.
Hey, Al. Where you been?
You in some kind of shit?
FBI was crawling
all over here yesterday looking for you.
Wait. The guy knew that
the FBI made his phone.
He would dump it, right?
He'd dump it.
Michigan Bell.
Is there a listing near his house?
Bear with me.
Off-site delivery?
There's a way into him, I know it.
- We just got to find it.
- All right, drive safe.
That fake death certificate,
pull it up again.
Cherevin couldn't do this alone.
That second signature right there.
The attending physician,
Mikhail Yureyovich,
emigrated to the U.S. in '08.
Attained U.S. citizenship
two years later.
Give me his Social Security number.
377 - 31 - 8622.
Perfect. You have that?
The doctor served
with Cherevin in Afghanistan.
It looks like he's been subsidized
for years by Cherevin's firm.
He's got at least four offshore accounts.
Found the pay phone!
- Six blocks away.
- Let me see.
They ran it, but it didn't cross
with anything.
All right. All right. Here, here.
Someone called a pay phone
in Pennsylvania
from the pay phone
nearest to his house.
Pennsylvania... Pennsylvania...
Pennsylvania... Seventeen calls.
That's it! That's it. That's it.
We're searching for recent
nonresidential real estate transactions
made by Yureyovich.
Like a warehouse or storage facility.
Got it. Barn at 211 Swallowsdale Road
and same zip code as the pay phone.
Sold six months ago
to Dr. Mikhail Yureyovich. All cash.
He's in Pennsylvania.
Nobody blows up Pennsylvania, Jack.
Tom, he's in Pennsylvania.
You're going to Pennsylvania.
That's right. Get FBI to that barn.
I need people there now. Thank you.
We still don't know
where the attack's gonna come, Jack.
If Borovsky's on the move, we need
to know where the hell he's going.
Cell phone triangulation.
Where does this guy travel to?
- Where has he gone?
- Michigan, Michigan.
Michigan. He hasn't been anywhere.
Bullshit! We're not digging hard enough!
Everybody goes somewhere.
It's his parents.
They're a unit, right? They're a unit.
If he didn't travel somewhere,
maybe they did. Where did they go?
Did they post pictures online?
No, no, no. They wouldn't do that.
They're too smart for that.
We're looking for extended family.
Look for extended family.
Oh, did they hit anybody's Instagram,
Facebook, Hopscotch? Reddit?
Nope, none.
Here. Image Looker.
An uncle in New York.
Borovsky's father
accessed the account
from his phone four times, right here.
Put it up on the main screen.
Get it up.
They're going to hit Manhattan.
Jesus.
Our guy never went to New York.
He had someone scout it for him.
And they posted the pictures
so he could plan the attack.
Wait, wait, stop.
Back up.
There, that.
You know that building?
- Jack works there. It's Wall Street.
- Oh, Jesus.
An attack on downtown Manhattan.
I'd say that'd start a panic.
Get me Harper.
Feds just uncovered evidence
suggesting he camouflaged
a van stolen from work.
Discarded tags,
auto paint, paint thinner.
Tire tracks indicate we're looking for
a Ford Econoline,
white or blue body, long wheel base.
Tell FBI we can be at the site
in ten minutes.
Dr. Muller, there's a car
to take you home.
An agent will stay with you.
No. Take me to Lennox Hill Hospital.
They might need me.
If I don't make it back...
Look. I will see you tonight.
We're having dinner.
And we're gonna split the check.
Sir? Excuse me.
The chopper is ready.
Have you been in one since?
Don't worry about me.
I haven't yet.
Move! Bomb disposal going in!
- Hold on!
- Get back, get back!
The market has opened in New York,
Mr. Cherevin.
Margin calls from creditors
are imminent. Do we sell?
Not yet.
Please proceed as directed by officers.
I repeat, a total evacuation...
Jesus Christ.
Emergency vehicles only
are allowed access
beyond this perimeter.
Emergency vehicles only...
We got a dozen ESU trucks
coming in right now.
I put the alert out
to the FBI and Counterterrorism
to expand the EBU's search
to a 30-block radius.
No, this isn't right.
I repeat, emergency vehicles only
are allowed access
beyond this perimeter.
I want air traffic shut down
over the city.
Emergency vehicles only
are allowed access
beyond this perimeter.
Harper!
Teddy!
- Teddy.
- Jack! I thought you were in Moscow.
I was. I need the bike.
Jack!
We recommend immediate
execution of sell orders.
Wait.
Jack.
- I got him!
- Jack, where are you?
It's a diversion!
The painting in Cherevin's office,
it's right out of Napoleon's playbook.
It's Waterloo!
He's not going to the building,
he's going under it!
Jack?
Jack!
I need a cross-section of what's
underneath this building. I need it now.
The greatest upward blast amplification,
where would it be?
The convection chimney. Here.
If the force of the blast
is channeled up through it,
you're looking at shock over pressure,
six or seven buildings come down.
Jesus. That's half of Wall Street.
Let's get this thing up!
Come on, clear the area!
We got to move!
Open it.
Secure the ropes. We're going down!
Oh, God, no.
Trading is about to be suspended
in New York.
Mr. Cherevin, we need to act now.
Please... Aleksandr.
Where are you, Jack?
I've got people coming to you!
We got nothing here, Harper!
Jack.
The sell-off's programmed for 9:06,
that's two minutes from now.
Harper, we're not talking about 10
or 15,000 people.
More like 100,000.
Just get me a clear path to the water!
Head north on Front Street.
Sorokin wants to meet you now.
It was always for Russia.
So is this.
You didn't pick this life. I did.
But I picked you.
I can't even kiss you.
- Yeah, you can.
- That side?
- It doesn't hurt that much.
- Really? You sure?
Commander Harper? Dr. Ryan?
They're ready for you.
Direct. Clear.
Concise. If he doesn't ask,
he doesn't want to know.
Yeah.
Okay.
Any way you can get that boy-scout-
on-a-field-trip look off your face?
Not a chance.
That's what I like about you.
Harper, when do you ever sleep?
You know what, don't answer that.
I kind of like the idea that you don't.
Let me keep thinking it.
And what's your name, son?
Ryan, Mr. President. Jack Ryan.
~ COrrected by Dragonborn~